--- Page 1 ---
WARRANTY CERTIFICATE
Dear Customer,
Congratulations on your purchase of Heatout Ceilings. We 
did our best to ensure that our products fully meet your 
requirements and that the quality corresponds to the 
highest world standards.
We strongly recommend that you read this document 
thoroughly to ensure you are well-informed about the 
warranty coverage of your purchase.
Limitation of Warrantor's Liability
The Warrantor shall not be liable for physical defects or damage 
to the Product resulting from external factors that occurred after 
the Product was delivered to the Purchaser (the Warrantor recom-
mends insuring the Product, subject to this Warranty, against the 
eﬀects of external factors), particularly related to:
- Use of the Product contrary to its intended purpose or improp-
er storage and transport prior to installation.
- Installation contrary to the Product installation and use manual.
- Use of accessories not provided for in the Product installation 
and use manual.
- Impact of foreign bodies that exceed the level speci/f_ied in the 
Document mentioned in § 1(1).
- Fire, earthquake, /f_looding, lightning, strong wind, hail, 
abnormally high or low air temperatures, or other occurrences 
that may be classi/f_ied as force majeure.
- Faults, defects, or other damage to the building or material 
where the Product is installed, caused in particular by 
movement, deformation, fractures, or subsidence of walls, 
materials, or foundations of the building.
- The Warrantor shall only be liable for defects resulting from 
reasons attributable to the Product. The Warrantor shall not be 
liable for discoloration that exceeds the range of allowable 
discolorations speci/f_ied in the Product installation and use 
manual, or for other discoloration caused, most likely by air 
pollution (including by metal oxides or particles), mold, or 
exposure to harmful chemicals.
- This Warranty shall not apply to any Product covered by the 
Purchaser with any other improvised coating (e.g., paint, varnish, 
or plaster) or otherwise modi/f_ied/changed. In the event the 
Product or any element thereof is replaced under this Warranty, 
where the Product installed by the Purchaser is no longer 
manufactured or has been modi/f_ied by the Warrantor, the 
Warrantor may apply elements that are the closest equivalents 
(in terms of type) to the Product originally installed.
Obligations of the Warranty Holder
The Warranty Holder should notify the Warrantor of any detected 
physical defects of the Product immediately after detecting a 
defect that forms the basis for a claim under the Warranty.
- Any claims made under the Warranty shall be lodged with the 
Warrantor through the seller from whom the Product was 
purchased.
- A claim made under the Warranty should include: a description 
of the defect, the address of the Product installation site, the 
claimant's contact details (full name, address, phone number, 
email address - if applicable), and photographs proving the 
defect.
- A claim made under the Warranty may be considered if it is 
submitted together with this document bearing the stamp and 
signature of the seller (distributor) of the Product, including the 
name of the seller, as well as the place and date when the 
Product was sold.
- The Warrantor shall provide, by email or in writing, information 
on the manner of considering the claim no later than 14 days 
from the date when the Warrantor received the claim (if the 
information is provided in writing, the period shall be counted 
from the date of the postmark). The Warrantor stipulates that the 
consideration of the claim may require inspection of the Product 
on-site, which implies the Purchaser's obligation to make 
available the immovable property where the Product covered by 
this Warranty is installed. In such an event, the Warrantor shall 
contact the Purchaser promptly in order to set the date of inspec-
tion, and the above-mentioned period of 14 days shall be 
counted from the date when the inspection is completed. The 
inspection shall be performed by an authorized representative 
of the Warrantor. The Purchaser shall provide the Warrantor with 
all information and documents necessary for the proper prepara-
tion and performance of the inspection.
- Where the Purchaser's claim is deemed justi/f_ied, the Warrantor 
shall perform its obligations speci/f_ied in §1 hereof within 60 days 
from the date when the Purchaser was provided with the 
information on the manner of considering the claim, speci/f_ied in 
sub-clause 5. At the same time, the Warrantor stipulates that, due 
to the speci/f_ic nature of the manufacturing process, the a 
forementioned period of 60 days may be extended by the time 
necessary to produce and deliver the elements needed to 
replace the Product.
- All parts and elements of the Product replaced hereunder shall 
become the Warrantor's property upon the day they are 
replaced with other parts and elements.
CEILINGS
--- Page 2 ---
This warranty shall be valid for period speci/f_ied in document counted from the date when purchaser purchased the product stated in the 
warranty certi/f_icate or another document which makes the purchase possible with the stipulation that warrantor liability shall be propor-
tional to the period when the product was in use in accordance with this following rules 
Address:
Seller’s Name & Signature
Date:
The name of the sold products (complete, including color)
Years of use counted from the 
purchase date
Share of the Warrantor liability in % of the purchase price for the replaced prdouct element and the cost of its 
installation /cost of reparing the product or an element there of price paid for the product which price is to be 
reimbursed
0-10 years 100%
10-12 years 50%
12-18 years 40%
18-20 years 30%
20-21 years 20%
21-25 years 10%
color warranty - 10 years (exterior color warranty - 5 years)
Salim P P ,  “Mannat” Near Federal Bank, Walkway Mahe ,  9633707686 , Pin 673310
veeti
23/5/2026
RAMSHAD
